I am professor and any school but I'm glad to be an instructor in this course about Robert operating
system.
I'm currently working as a professor in computer science in Princeton University in Saudi Arabia.
I'm also the director of R&D department in Goetic robotics in China and also a senior researcher in
the sister Research Center in Portugal.
I have been working in a lot of projects in both university and industry.
I'm also building the robotics and Internet of Things where we conduct a lot of research about the integration
of robots into the Internet of Things and into the clouds.
I'm also an ACM distinguished speaker.
You learn more about my biography.
You can refer to my Web page.
I try to be as you did it you did as a slash or Cuba.
I have been also teaching robotics and drones for several years at the university and I have written
a lot of tutorials and developed several courses from Robert operating system and robotics.
I have also developed conducting training program certificates for robot operating system which has
attracted a lot of audience and contributed to promoting the learning of ros.
I'm now glad to put my experience at the hands of your students to teach them about this very exciting
technology robot operating system and help them overcome their difficulties in their learning process.
I have had several projects around the house and one of the projects that we have recently reported
is the integration of office enabled robots into the Internet so that we allow the users to monitor
and control robots over the Internet.
And for this we have developed the Rosling protocol for us and it is protocol that allows the communication
between us enable the robots and also users so that a cloud server or a user can easily monitor and
control the robot anywhere in any time.
So the Resnik protocol it leverages is the use of cloud computing and Internet of Things or the control
and monitoring for us enabling robots and other contribution is also the control of drones over the
internet for which we have the bottom the drone map which is a cloud based drone and drama management
system over the internet.
I have also authored and edited several books.
So currently I have three volumes on Prabhat operating system books The Complete Reference Vol. 1 vol.
2 and Vol. 3 which will publish it.
Briger you have also recently a new book on Robert Plant and Corporation one of the contributions of
this book is the integration of new planets into robot operating system.
So this was a brief overview about myself and the hope that we enjoy.
Of course on the robot operating system.